Author
======

Anders Nordby <anders@fupp.net>

License
=======

License: freeware. Feel free to send me an email if you like, have problems
with or just that you use this software. It's nice to know.

Disclaimer
==========

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ANDERS NORDBY ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL ANDERS NORDBY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

SmbSync
=======

SmbSync is a program to move files between Unix and Windows shares
directly, avoiding the need for mounts or extra services like FTP or Rsync.
It uses in and out directories, and can be configured to handle many
directories and servers.

Features:

- retries uploads/downloads that fails, avoiding incomplete filetransfers.

- does not touch files recently written to (may still be in use?), with
configurable timeout.

- can archive files (use RemoteDirArchive/LocalDirArchive) instead of
deleting files transfered.

- can upload/download to temporary directories (use RemoteDirTmp/LocalTmpDir)
so that code that triggers on the files only will see complete files. Moves
the file to the intended directory once transfer completed successfully.

- configurable blocksize (Windows servers seems OK with 64K, our Hitachi
BlueArch does not and prefers 4K).

Usage
=====

Just run smbsync, or smbsync-cron.sh from cron. Update smbsync.cfg (all
options you can set is in the sample config), and recipients in
smbsync-cron.sh.

Requirements
============

Perl 5

Filesys::SmbClient

Config::General

The cron script needs GNU coreutils.
